President Obama:
Hi.
I'm speaking with you today from
the Allison Transmission plant
at Indianapolis, Indiana.
I came here because this is a
place where American workers are
doing some big and
impressive things.
The hybrid technology they
manufacture here already powers
nearly 4,000 buses
all over the world --
buses that have already saved
15 million gallons of fuel.
Soon, they'll expand this new
technology to trucks as well.
That means more vehicles using
less oil, and that means jobs --
more than 200 new workers
at this plant alone.
That's important because even as
the economy is growing after one
of the worst recessions
in our history;
even as we've added more than
two million new private sector
jobs over the past 14 months;
I still meet and hear from
Americans struggling
to get out of their own
personal recessions.
A lot of folks out there
are still looking for work.
And many folks who do have jobs
are finding that their paychecks
aren't keeping up with the
rising costs of everything from
tuition to groceries
to gas prices.
In fact, in a lot of
places across the country,
like here in Indiana, gas
has reached an all-time high.
So although our economy hasn't
been the focus of the news this
week, not a day goes by that
I'm not focused on your jobs,
your hopes, and your dreams.
And that's why I came here
to Allison Transmissions.
The clean energy jobs at this
plant are the jobs of the future
-- jobs that pay well
right here in America.
And in the years ahead, it's
clean energy companies like this
one that will keep our economy
growing, create new jobs,
and make sure America remains
the most prosperous nation
in the world.
Allison Transmissions is also
part of the ultimate solution to
high gas prices.
We know there are no quick
fixes to this problem.
In the short term, we're doing
everything we can to boost safe
and responsible oil
production here at home --
in fact, last year, American oil
production reached its highest
level since 2003.
But over the long term, the only
way we can avoid being held
hostage to the ups and downs of
oil prices is if we reduce our
dependence on oil.
That means investing in clean,
alternative sources of energy,
like advanced biofuels
and natural gas.
And that means making cars
and trucks and buses that
use less oil.
Other countries know this, and
they're going all in to invest
in clean energy technologies
and clean energy jobs.
I don't want other countries to
win the competition for these
technologies and these jobs.
I want America to
win that competition.
win the future.
Now, I know that in a tough
fiscal climate like the one
we're in, it's tempting for
some to try and cut back on our
investments in clean energy.
And I absolutely agree that the
only way we'll be able to afford
the things we need is by cutting
the things we don't and living
within our means.
But I refuse to cut investments
like clean energy that will help
us out-innovate and out-compete
the rest of the world.
I refuse to cut investments
that are making it possible for
plants like this one to grow
and add jobs across America.
We can do this.
I don't just believe that
because I see it happening in
plants like this.
I believe that because I believe
in the Americans that are making
it happen in places like this.
I'm optimistic about
our economic future,
because for all the
challenges we face,
America is still home to
the most entrepreneurial,
most industrious, most
determined people on Earth.
There's nothing we can't
accomplish when we set our
minds to it.
And that's what we'll keep doing
as long as I have the privilege
of being your President.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.